SwiftUI: Toggle (#1439)
Codecademy/docs: content/swiftui/concepts/views/terms/toggle/toggle.md

---
Title: 'Toggle'
Description: 'A switch that can be turned on or off.'
Subjects:
  - 'Software Development'
  - 'Mobile Development'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'SwiftUI'
  - 'SwiftUI Views'
  - 'Toggle'
  - 'Views'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-swiftui'
  - 'paths/build-ios-apps-with-swiftui'
---

## Syntax

> A **`Toggle`** is switch that can be used to turn something on or off, or to choose between different options and follows this syntax:

Reviewer: This sentence should be above the Syntax header. (Swap lines 18 & 20)

```suggestion
A **`Toggle`** is switch that can be used to turn something on or off, or to choose between different options.
```

```pseudo
Toggle(_ title: StringProtocol, isOn: Binding<Bool>)
```

> The usual method for creating a text-only `'Toggle'` involves passing a string as the first parameter, rather than using a trailing closure, and a Boolean property that determines the state of the toggle (on or off).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The usual method for creating a text-only `Toggle` involves passing a string as the first parameter, rather than using a trailing closure, and a Boolean property that determines the state of the toggle (on or off).
```

## Example

> The following example displays a `'Toggle'` turns on/off a "Wi-Fi" switch. It takes just a `'isOn:'` binding parameter and the `'Label'` will be inside a trailing closure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example displays a `Toggle` that turns on/off a "Wi-Fi" switch. It takes just a `isOn:` binding parameter and the `Label` will be inside a trailing closure.
```

```swift
@State var isWifiOn = false

var body: some View {
    Toggle(isOn: $isWifiOn) {
        Text("Wi-Fi")
    }
    .padding()
}
```

> - `'.padding()'` is a view modifier that gives the view that is attached to some space. In this way, the toggle and its label are not squished to the end of the screen.w

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`.padding()` is a view modifier that gives the view that is attached to some space. In this way, the toggle and its label are not squished to the end of the screen.
```

 
This will display the following:

> ![Toggle when off](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Codecademy/docs/main/media/swiftui-toggle-off.png)

Reviewer: Give a description of each picture. i.e. "This is the display initially", and "this is after the user clicks the toggle".

---
Title: 'Toggle'

> Description: 'A switch that can be turned on or off.'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Description: 'Chooses between an "on or off" state based on a Bool type value.'
```

For term entries like this one, the meta-`Description` should begin with a present-tense verb. 😄

Subjects:
  - 'Software Development'
  - 'Mobile Development'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'SwiftUI'
  - 'SwiftUI Views'
  - 'Toggle'
  - 'Views'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-swiftui'
  - 'paths/build-ios-apps-with-swiftui'
---

> A **`Toggle`** is switch that can be used to turn something on or off, or to choose between different options.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A **`Toggle`** is a View that chooses between "on or off" options based on a `Bool` type value.
```

> A **`Toggle`** is switch that can be used to turn something on or off, or to choose between different options.

Reviewer: This still needs to go before the Syntax header. Switch 20 & 18.

```pseudo

> Toggle(_ title: StringProtocol, isOn: Binding<Bool>)

Reviewer 2: What is the `_` for? (Sorry, I'm not too versed with Swift 😅)

Author: means that the parameter title doesn't have to be written when calling the function.

Toggle("Wifi", isOn: ...) instead of Toggle(title: "Wifi", isOn: ...)

Reviewer 2: Ok gotcha! 👍🏻 And this makes sense because this syntax seems similar to the one used in the official Apple Docs for SwiftUI.

I'm still inclined to suggest we omit the `_` for now and say that `title` is an optional parameter in the text on line # 26. But I wanted to get @yangc95's advice how how to go forward with this one. 😄

Author: Hey @Dusch4593 check my solution and let's wait for @yangc95 to move forward.

Reviewer 3: @cilippofilia @Dusch4593 yes! the `_` is a placeholder for unnamed parameters in functions. They can also be used in loops, but I was thinking that we can do something like:

`Toggle("Title String", isOn: Binding<Bool>)`

This way, it's clear that to use this view, we'll follow this exact syntax format. I also think it would be good to take all the text below (within the syntax section) and turn it to bullet points:

- Explain the `"Title String"`...
- Explain that what gets passed into `isOn` param  is a binding boolean and what that means (briefly).

I'd also like to note that the `_` does not indicate that the parameter is optional.

```

> The usual method for creating a text-only `Toggle` involves passing a string as the first parameter, rather than using a trailing closure, and a Boolean property that determines the state of the toggle (on or off).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The usual method for creating a text-only `Toggle` involves passing a string as the first parameter, rather than using a trailing closure, and a Boolean property that determines the state of the toggle (on or off).
```
```suggestion
The usual method for creating a text-only `Toggle` involves passing a `titile` string as the first parameter, rather than using a trailing [closure](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/swift/closures), and a `Bool` type property `isOn:` that determines the state of the toggle (on or off).
```

> The usual method for creating a text-only `Toggle` involves passing a `titile` string as the first parameter, rather than using a trailing [closure](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/swift/closures), and a `Bool` type property `isOn:` that determines the state of the toggle (on or off).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The usual method for creating a text-only `Toggle` involves passing a `title` string as the first parameter, rather than using a trailing [closure](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/swift/closures), and a `Bool` type property `isOn:` that determines the state of the toggle (on or off).
```

## Example

> The following example displays a `Toggle` that turns on/off a "Wi-Fi" switch. It takes just a `isOn:` binding parameter and the `Label` will be inside a trailing closure.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following example displays a `Toggle` that turns a "Wi-Fi" switch on and off by passing the `isWifiOn` variable to the `isOn:` property. The `Label` will be inside a trailing closure.
```

```swift
@State var isWifiOn = false

var body: some View {
    Toggle(isOn: $isWifiOn) {
        Text("Wi-Fi")
    }
    .padding()
}
```

> `.padding()` is a view modifier that gives the view that is attached to some space. In this way, the toggle and its label are not squished to the end of the screen.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`.padding()` is a view modifier that gives the view that is attached to some space. In this way, the toggle and its label are not squished to the end of the screen.
```

What do we think about "stretched to the end of the screen" instead of squished?

Author: more than stretched they are attached to the borders. That's why 'squished'

Reviewer 2: Gotcha 👍🏻

---
Title: 'Toggle'
Description: 'Chooses between an "on or off" state based on a Bool type value.'
Subjects:

>   - 'Software Development'
>   - 'Mobile Development'
>   - 'Computer Science'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - 'Mobile Development'
  - 'Computer Science'
```

For now, I'm suggesting we omit `'Software Development'` from here since it isn't on the list in `subjects.md` (this list is curated mostly from the list of available subjects in Codecademy's [course catalog](https://www.codecademy.com/catalog) - towards the bottom left)

  - 'SwiftUI'
  - 'SwiftUI Views'
  - 'Toggle'
  - 'Views'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-swiftui'
  - 'paths/build-ios-apps-with-swiftui'
---

A **`Toggle`** is a View that chooses between "on or off" options based on a `Bool` type value.

## Syntax

```pseudo
Toggle("Title String", isOn: Binding<Bool>)
```

The following parameters can be applied to a `Toggle` view:

> - The `"Title String"` parameter is used instead of a [closure](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/swift/closures).

Reviewer 3: Can we also include that this title parameter is optional? (The `_` doesn't indicate the parameter is optional, but it is an optional param 🙂 )
